---
title: "Politique de confidentialité"
author: "ruslibinfo"
---
# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to all websites operated by NGO “Russie-Libertés” - henceforth “Russie- Libertés” and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including without limitation http://russie-libertes.org (the “Sites”). Any reference to “we”, “us”, or “our” in this Policy shall refer to Russie- Libertés. This Policy has been created in order to demonstrate and inform you of our firm commitment to privacy. The following Policy describes how we collect, protect and use information we receive from visitors to the Sites or prospective consumers. This Policy applies to information collected through this Sites as well as information about you collected through any other means, including information you may provide to us other than on the Sites.

## The Information We Collect
There are two kinds of information web sites can obtain about you:

- Anonymous Information: Anonymous Information is aggregate data that web sites use to administer their Sites. It may include such information as your browser type or your Internet Protocol (IP) address. We may from time to time retain third parties to help us collect and aggregate Sites visitor information.
- IP Addresses. An IP address is unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer the Site, avoid hacking attacks on the Site’ servers, and may use it to gather broad demographic information.
- Cookie Information. As is the case with many web sites, the Sites use a technology called “cookies”, which are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet, and allows us to tailor your visits to the Sites to your individual preferences. We may also contract with third party service providers who assign cookies to conduct Sites tracking for us. These companies use cookies solely to provide us with data about Sites traffic. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser to prevent cookies or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access most of the features on the Site.
- Personally Identifiable Information: Personally Identifiable Information is any information that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, email address or your telephone number. Sometimes this personal information is needed when you contact us. We may ask you to provide us with personal information on a voluntary basis in certain areas of the Site. In particular, you may be asked to provide the following information: Name, Postal Address, E-mail Address, Telephone Numbers – landline and cellular telephone.
- Email Correspondence. Scattered throughout the Sites are links or forms that can be used to contact us so you can comment, make a complaint, make suggestions and ask questions. Your email address is required on this form so we can answer your questions, and we want your name, too, so we can address our answer in a mannerly way.

## How We Use Gathered Information
The information you share with us may be used in a few ways:

- Anonymous Information: “Anonymous Information” is used internally for Sites administration, troubleshooting and to help improve the quality of the web pages. We may share such aggregated, non-personally identifiable information, such as demographics, with existing and prospective business partners and advertisers.
- Personally Identifiable Information: “Personally Identifiable Information” collected by us may be used for purposes including administration of the Sites and communications with you. We also may disclose Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law or with legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights and property; (c) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site; or (d) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public.
- We may use the information collected to notify you of changes made to our Site, to send you promotional materials, and to determine what information and services users want the most. If you contact us for assistance or support, we may use your information to provide service and support to you. We may also provide the information to third parties who assist us in contacting customers about special offers and other Russie- Libertés services, programs or events that would likely be of interest to you. We may share personally identifiable information, such as demographics, with existing and prospective business partners and advertisers that may be of interest to you.

## Opt-Out
We support the right of our visitors to choose. If you decide that you do not wish to receive special offers or promotional communications, you can contact us at contact@russie-libertes.org or at the address provided below, indicating that you no longer want to receive information relating to the Site.

## Access and Correction
You have a right to know about the personal information that we hold about you, including the right to correct, amend or delete the information that we have on file if it is incorrect. If you wish to exercise these rights please contact us by email or postal mail at the addresses below.

## Security
The Sites incorporates appropriate safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information we have collected. We have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss, misuse and alteration. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just “surfing”. Security of information communicated by or to us over the Internet is of utmost concern to us; unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that your email or other electronic correspondence with us through the Site, like most, if not all, non-encrypted Internet communications, may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to us. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use email or the contact forms provided through the Sites to communicate information to us that you consider confidential. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the Site, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our internal systems. Depending on the nature of the inquiry, your communication may be discarded or archived. If you wish, you may contact us instead via telephone at the numbers provided throughout the Site.

## Disclosure of Customer Information Through Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, and in so doing, acquire customer information. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. Similarly, in the unlikely event that a portion or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to a third party, customer information (including your email address) would likely be one of the transferred business assets.

## External Links
The Sites may provide links and/or ad banners to various web sites or sponsors that we do not control for your convenience. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred out of the Sites and connected to the web Sites of the organization or company that you selected. We are not responsible for the nature, quality or accuracy of the content or opinions expressed in such web sites, and such web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for quality, accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked web Sites on the Sites does not imply or express an approval or endorsement of the linked web Sites by us, or of any of the content, opinions, products or services provided on these web sites. Even if an affiliation exists between the Sites and a third-party web site, we exercise no control over linked Site. Each of these linked web sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. While we expect our partners, advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. If you visit a web Sites that is linked to the Site, we encourage you to consult that web site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information and whenever interacting with any web site.

## Consent and Jurisdiction
This Sites is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the European Community. By using the Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not disclose any personal information through the Site. This Policy and the use of the Sites are governed by law of France. Any claim related to the Sites or this Policy shall be brought in a court of Paris, France, within one year after the claim arises. Users of the Sites consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this Policy. This Policy and the notices outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any third party.

## Consent and Jurisdiction
This Sites is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the European Community. By using the Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not disclose any personal information through the Site. This Policy and the use of the Sites are governed by law of France. Any claim related to the Sites or this Policy shall be brought in a court of Paris, France, within one year after the claim arises. Users of the Sites consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this Policy. This Policy and the notices outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any third party.

## Account Revisions, Revoking and Deleting Personal Information
We welcome your questions, comments and all feedback pertaining to your privacy or any other issue with regard to the Site.

At any time, you may revoke your consent, cease further use of your email address to send you updates, and direct us to delete the information you have supplied. Although it is not always possible to remove or modify such information, we will make reasonable efforts to do so. If you have given us information for one of those third parties we mentioned above and we have already passed it on, we cannot delete or change the information.

In the event that you have given us Personally Identifiable Information in the past and then have second thoughts or want to update it, you may send an email or contact us by regular mail:

contact@russie-libertes.org
